<Database Conversion Tool>

1. Outline

This is a tool to convert a TEXT file (a file which the database is based on) which is created in accordance
 with the format of "DataFormatV100.TXT" into database which a PV's Add-in software "Referencer" can use.

2. Usage

	1) Start MKDB.EXE.
	2) Click [OPEN] and select a TEXT file to convert.
	3) Click [OK] in the message window "Conversion start?" to start the conversion.
	4) The message window "Complete!!" is displayed when the conversion is completed successfully.
	5) Click [OK] to close the message window.
	6) Click [EXIT] to exit the program.

3. Notes

	1) In the file after conversion, the name of the file will be the original file name with ".DIC" extension.
	2) Likewise, the error messages during conversion is recorded in a log file with the original file name plus ".LOG" extension. 
	3) If files with the same file name as a file after conversion and a log file during conversion exist, the files will be overwritten.
	4) When an error occurs, examine and modify the format which caused the error.
	5) If the files are ".DIC" files, it cannot be registered to PV by using "PVM.EXE". Refer to Supplementary Information below for details.

4. Supplementary Information

* Procedure for using the files in PV
	1) Register the add-in software "datarec.bin" to PV by using "PVM.EXE".
	   (Refer to "PVM_EN.PDF" for usage of PVM.)
	2) When registered, exit "PVM.EXE".
	3) Register ".DIC" file to PV by using "PVSENDER.EXE".
	    On PV side, start "Data-Recorder" from a menu.
	   (Refer to "PVSENDER.PDF" for registration method.)
	4) When registered, exit "PVSENDER.EXE".
	5) Start "PVM.EXE" again and perform a backup of the ".DIC" data files registered to PV.
	    Note: The file name of ".DIC" file in PV (the name displayed in the column "DataList" in PVM) is the one used for transferring by "PVSENDER.EXE".
	6) Change the extension of the data files backed up to ".ADT".

	<IMPORTANT>
	This backup data ".ADT" will be the files to be distributed.
	Once the file with ".ADT" is created, the steps 1) through 6) are unnecessary unless there is change in the database.
	When registering the database to PV, use this ".ADT" file by using "PVM.EXE".
	In addition, to refer to the database, it is necessary to register the add-in software "Referencer.bin" to PV at the same time.
